I'm going to take you to the police.
May I please come, do I?
I'd like to say, Mr. Secretary, that all is not going to be
exactly according to plan.
He is happy that you have had virtually one full day removed
from the test.
Any questions, the suggestions?
No questions, Mr. Chairman.
Chair has none.
Mr. Holland, and you have a benefit to my right?
No, please.
And you have a benefit to my left?
No, but Mr. Wilk?
No, but Mr. President, I'm Mr. President.
I'll take you to the police.
Mr. President, have you or some of your subordinates located
a copy of a memorandum from John Edgar Hoover
who, your intelligence department,
dated January 26, 1951, the original copy, sir.
That's right, we'll have.
And has that been brought here into this room?
I don't know whether that's here or not, I think, here.
And any event that is available for samples
isn't one we secure the permission of the Attorney General
to have both plots or do not feel as secure as they may
talk about the threat.
And Mr. James, I don't know if I'm going as properly,
but we would like the full flow of the production
of the other FCI warnings.
I don't know whether they are letters or memorandum.
The other FCI warnings on the Fourth Line of Situation,
including Army between 1950 and 1956.
Very nice, right?
Of course, yes, sir.
I understand that.
In other words, to be held about,
so many we will get the permission of the Attorney General,
to tell the full story of the full sector and the rest.
Will you ask the Secretary to produce the specific documents
you have in mind?
So the pilot will have those.
This is the mystery of the Attorney General.
Mr. Secretary, I will formally ask the deputy for those.
Mr. Chairman, tonight you get to discuss each of this
and we have a memorandum.
We'll take a time to do this.
I'll talk to you later, sir.
I'll give you a memorandum.
Thank you.
At the end of the day, listen to the 11 FCI reports.
So I'm at the station.
First and last.
Sorry.
Good afternoon.
Mr. Secretary, I need your strike for this FCI memorandum.
What else would you like to ask?
A genuine, 20-feet of that.
How many others FCI reports on Port Monmouth did you find?
Well, the only one that I actually looked over is the one
in which you referred.
January 26, 1951.
I know there are other parts.
Now, Mr. Secretary, important to ask to know,
how many times the FCI has been over a report?
FCI has been over a report, meaning FCI has been over a Russian
concerning Port Monmouth.
And whether or not action was taken on those reports
before our committee started their hearing.
But that's reason, if you haven't done it now,
or please use the night, or tomorrow, a time someone.
They go through the finals and not give us
the content of the report, you know.
But give us a day through the report.
And if Council and the Chairman decide today,
they want them making available.
Do you do that?
Well, if somebody gets that up,
you might introduce you to no Senator McArthur,
but on April 10, 1953, the Army has the FCI
to undertake a full-scale investigation of Port Monmouth.
I request you have to bring that back out.
But in view of the insinuations that have been
with respect to Port Monmouth,
I now advise you that that's the fact.
Well, now, six weeks later,
the question is not whether or not the FCI has been read.
We know that it has been investigating,
not planning in April of 1953.
But along before that, Mr. Secretary,
I'm not going to let the Army head under my jurisdiction.
All right, Mr. Secretary,
we know that under your federal legislature,
they were requested to do a white client,
since the report, the summary of the report
is January 26.
So you don't see your银irt.
By the very thing, we have to be happy
to get a report.
The question is probably,
I think you agree the FCI has the final conduct
to file a file either way,
Mr. Steven, about where we went.
On that, we will have to agree.
Let me ask you then,
if you have before you,
the report of January 26, 1951,
if that's in the file's over a cent,
the report entitled S.V.N.I.S. Russian,
will you tell us why some action wasn't taken
against the various individual names
until our committee started its investigation?
Why did you hold up action when you had this report
which was, we did not hold up action.
We were working on it all the time,
and we actually FCI,
and I put forth scale investigation on the test day of April,
1953, before we knew anything about you going
in the Port Montenegro.
Well, you're working as rampantly on this,
Mr. Secretary, if you are working on the press tape now.
We're working rapidly on the Port Montenegro.
Right now, when you answer this question,
you had a complete detailed report in January 26, 1951.
That was available to you.
That's the forthcoming,
and you're working on the communist connection.
A large number of individuals working in the secret radar laboratory.
Can you tell me, and I am friendly to you,
I think it's been made clear that I know that you can't do all of these words,
you must rely upon the board,
but can you tell me why some of your subordinates
were such a secretary?
Did not take action to have these individuals
to stand at least.
Madam McCarthy, I have touched the fire repeatedly,
with respect to the situation at Port Montenegro.
And to 35 pages.
I can go lower that again if you want me to do so.
Now, just one person, I'll hand this over to Mr. Cohn.
You say if you have to fire repeatedly.
You saw a fort indigenous in your file,
showing that a man holding an important job at Port Montenegro
was a part of the Solbal Rosenberg,
rather indicative of the solbal Rosenberg firing.
I will not forget that now.
Mr. Cohn.
Mr. Cohn, Mr. Cohn, Mr. Welk, your counsel,
who you've bested speak to you,
shows considerable disturbance this morning,
over the fact that the senator had in his possession,
a document indicating that the army had been ruined some time ago
about turning his infiltrations at Port Montenegro.
Mr. Welk made indications of early gality
and thought of a highly improper.
I wonder if you can explain to this committee,
your consistent violation of Section 605 of Title 47
of the United States' toll,
and having impeached author on your telephone without notice
the other party to the time to say,
objection, misdeeds, misdeeds.
Now, likewise, Mr. Cohn.
This is the same.
Well, if you have any suggestions for the objections of someone
or if it's a time spent by, if I say the question correctly,
I'd like to say this properly.
I think it's a very relevant issue here.
You have a second key question of law in the first place,
and not a question of fact.
The second day is not a lawyer.
So, what's that?
Secondly, do you hear your question?
Please suppose is the existence of a fact
that has not been established on those two grounds
and perhaps others, the question is objectionable.
I'll try to apply by that as there are objections here
but I can get this in proper form.
My first question in response to Mr. Jenkins' comment
says, is it a fact that without modifying the other party
for the telephone conversations,
you have somebody on the other extension
in your office to listen to.
For lots of persons following you, it's same.
I've talked in sentence.
Mr. Secretary, I say you're not saying straight on the third ground
that it is repetitious you have here to open the question
about that.
Mr. Jenkins, are you just saying that I had not...
There is nothing in the records at all
but this practice was engaged in.
That's why I am the subject of today.
I have a question.
The comment will be stated.
The first question is about the questions of law.
The question has already been asked.
Whether or not he has a man listening on the extension.
The man has been identified as Mr. Lucas.
The man has classified.
The question has been answered in the affirmative.
The chair is wrong.
The Secretary tells the chair he's wrong.
And you may be answered the question of the way that the repetition is.
Mr. Chairman, may I raise the question?
I think Mr. Jenkins will be right when he says
that the question even of itself and repushes, however,
in order for us to determine whether or not we have all
of the monitored conversations.
I have asked the council to go and go to this question
to press in the Secretary as to whether or not
all conversations are monitored.
Now, laying a basis for that and assuming
you might have forgotten the question the other day,
I assume Mr. Cohen asked the question which was repushes.
But I would like to ask Mr. Cohen to proceed
to press in Mr. Stevens as to whether or not
all of the conversations to him and Trump have been monitored.
I think that's important in determining whether or not
to have missed the monitored conversation, but I would like to say
to be attentive that you're up with all conversations
and he'll be right to bring that out because we are attempting
to get all of the conversations we want to know
we have with some big fights.
And I think it's a big question.
Mr. Cohen, you're going to be right.
This is a fight.
But for all conversations, to you and to you are monitored.
I will geben you a monitor if that is not
applying the body on the other line to participate.
I have a solution to this.
I have to testify on that.
Explain the details.
They both were saying here exactly how it works.
It's all in the record that's great length.
On my first day of testimony, I'll tell you a follow.
With the secretary, you can see.
The front of the point staff, we still don't have the answer.
Is it maybe how we state the question?
Is it a factor that every conversation
calls on conversation, which is participating?
Call to you and call from you, our monitor.
So, out the consent of the body on the other end.
Mr. Chairman, on that, the board's first act
were testified to by Mr. Luther, who will recall
the New York District Conversation.
He did not want to.
If the question do not testify to the Secretary,
then we share a little bit of the Secretary's name
should be entitled to that.
What's your answer, Mr. President?
Exactly the same as Mr. Luther, testify.
What do you answer, sir?
My answer is just the same as he is.
There are certain calls that are not monitored.
That's how you select one of the number one.
Well, it's a pretty good family.
Call?
Constantly?
Yes, any other call?
I'd say that's practically all of us.
As far as I know, Senator, a monitor except family call.
A practitioner of these, that was the same testimony he heard
before stated that it should be testified to the next one.
There's all those monitors.
You check family, all the church and the rest of the laws.
The rest of the measures are practically all.
I'm going to know whether or not there are any kinds.
When you make a phone call, there is not monitored.
Other than 12 years family, and my children,
there may have been calls from friends occasionally,
but not monitored.
Well, Mr. Secretary, we generally answer your question
as an outside of family and immediate friends.
They are.
Mr. Secretary, if you know the first of this question,
we're going to have the question of whether or not monitored calls
should be just never.
And we want to use the simple information of whether or not
all calls having anything to do with the work of this committee
or calling off the work of this committee.
Any calls with our staff, with their White House,
with anyone else, regard to this situation.
Those are monitored and are available.
Certainly not the White House.
In other words, you would normally request any calls
affecting the business of this committee would have been monitored.
I'd like to explain to you that the only ones that were not
much of a look at such spots with us, too,
will respect the calls from members of my family,
and I would say it may be a few personal plans
to call me sometimes.
But you're not in relation to committee business.
Are you pleased that you're in a position to say it?
That's right.
Mr. Dickens, please.
Mr. Larry.
There's only one question with the old chairman,
mainly the termination of this question of monitored calls.
Is not the chair correct in his belief that these are you,
or Mr. Lucas, or both, have testified that all of the calls
coming to your office or leaving your office except those
involving your family, or friends, or social engagements,
are monitored by Mr. Lucas.
That's right.
Tell him it comes.
That does not include the White House.
It does not include the White House.
That has been the practice with your predecessors
to testify to by Mr. Lucas.
That's it.
I have told the board of Mr. Chairman,
I think somebody is being impressionary
that it is on law for the monitor at telephone calls.
That is not true.
In a man's hand, have a telephone call monitor
if he wants to.
But question arises into the legality of this clothing,
and not that he has somebody to take note
so that he might refresh his memory.
Please may I, for the first time available?
Have you applied a varkage yet?
For the amount of the customers, the amount as well?
Yeah, I call his attention to section 47, section 605,
which makes it illegal to monitor calls.
Judge Hanz has interpreted those two,
and me and both the mechanical monitoring
and monitoring by a stenographer,
and if the stenographer wants to be the decision
we can get it for him,
may I quickly read this?
First paragraph, a no-person nothing authorized
for the sender,
so under self-identification,
and evokes or publish the existence content,
public support,
or the fact that you're meaning of self-interference,
in a self-identification, no any question.
And the balance of the demo is the same way,
and if the chair carries heavy visit,
so this would seem to make it illegal
to either drop the wheel or you want to.
I take this position as I have a telephone call monitor
and then at the time I want to,
and my office now not by late to law,
and I'm going to go it again.
But I don't see all these businessmen
and these officials can possibly operate without doing so.
Mr. Chair, the second presenter,
from Wisconsin and the senator from Arkansas,
is assessing a question of law.
I've needed to amount by the chairs I have here for them,
that the mere monitoring of a telephone call
is not in itself illegal.
It is the divergence of the contents,
the context of that call,
without the consent of the parties of both members of the line,
that make it illegal.
Do you understand the only 20-40 raised,
which I rather have to tell you,
but 20-40 is dependent on the current grades,
and it does not feel call upon the rule,
and this point of order has to finish your question,
since it's about 10 minutes.
Any questions, the senders, am I right?
Any questions, the senders, am I left?
Go ahead.
Party night under service.
I'll send the chairman,
but we're going around again.
We're going to reach that.
We're going around until 4.30.
I'm going to 30 now.
25 minutes to five.
The chair is advised.
But the president of the committee,
do you want to reach that to the present?
I would only ask in the chair.
Thank you, sir, we'll reach that,
then we'll come ready.
Come on, one.
I'm so, this day of the Senate's subcommittee hearings,
it's been consumed for the major part
by a controversy which develops
over the authenticity of the letter introduced yesterday
by Senator McConnie.
For the first time during the hearings,
Senator McConnie occupied the witness chair,
briefly, in an attempt by the subcommittee
to certify the origin of the letter
of the president of the committee,
and the president of the committee,
and the attempt by the subcommittee to certify
the origin of the lettering question.
Secretary of the Army, Steven,
resumed his position as a witness,
making this the 10th day
where the secretary has appeared for testimony.
Now, at 10.30, tomorrow morning,
Eastern Day Lifetime,
the Duma Television Network,
Department of News and Public Affairs,
to resume its coverage
of the Senate's permanent investigation subcommittee hearings
from Washington, D.C.
Thank you.